hello my dear friends welcome to my
channel a couple of days ago I posted a
picture and Instagram and asked you to
ask me questions and a lot of those
questions were about studying my own
company by the way if you haven't asked
your question yet go ahead and subscribe
to my Instagram and I'm looking forward
to seeing your questions and today I'm
going to talk about starting the company
so I started my company when I was 21
years old and that was my fourth year at
the University and now my company grew
to be a Silicon Valley startup funded by
amazing investors there are a couple of
things I wanted to share with you
because I know many of you are at
college and are thinking of starting
your own business first thing really
important like sit down and spend some
time on it is the idea and a lot of
people think oh I have this friend who's
making a couple thousand every month by
selling iPhones or I have this friend
who build an app that helps other people
but you don't have to kind of copy from
your friends from your classmates it's
very important that you do something
that you're passionate about because you
need to remember that a lot of
businesses are unprofitable for the
first year so when I started my company
I had to live at my parents place and I
did everything for free and we had like
a couple of clients and the idea has to
come from you you have to be passionate
about something but at the same time you
don't have to be a professional so if
you want to start I don't know a travel
company you don't need to work in a
travel agency for like ten years to do
that you just need to feel that you is
solely somebody else's problem
or maybe you're solving your problem so
my case was I traveled to Germany to
learn German and I realized the industry
broken it took me like weeks to find the
right school and I didn't want to build
her an agent who would charge like extra
$300 and I had this idea of what is now
lingua trade a booking platform for
study abroad experiences and it wasn't a
professional in that sphere I just
realized I have this problem and I
wanted to solve it and remember you're
studying your business not to make money
straight away because this is nearly
impossible goal number one is to solve
the problems goal number two of course
make money the second thing that may
students or many first-time
entrepreneurs make is they do a lot of
business plans they have like a business
plan for the next five years they think
that they need to rent the best office
in order to start out they need to hire
the best developer to create a website
just get forget it like I started my
company with nothing I have this client
I had this my friend wanted me to help
her with study abroad and I'm like yeah
I'm gonna I'm gonna go and register my
LLC and we're going to send you to the
UK to learn English there was like
really fast you need to do basic things
yes you can do your website go to WI X
weeks comm where you can create
everything yourself I use a lot of cool
pictures from unsplash comm they have
really nice photography or you can just
go and making sure yourself you can
start a blog which is the best source of
traffic because I said it you have to be
passionate about what you do and don't
be afraid to share information so there
are loads of things that you can do for
free in order to set your business and
my investment our initial investment our
company was $300 and that's Amiga fees
to start a company the third thing that
my help is actually watching YouTube
vloggers I don't like me who have their
own company or reading books my personal
favorite is 4-hour workweek by Tim
Ferriss he has a lot of practical advice
it's a little outdated so I think he
wrote us back in 2007 and a lot of
advice is not applicable but there are
some good things on how you can start
and how you can outsource later I know
many of you guys are studying on your
own and it's very important to have this
feeling that somebody else is going
through the same thing fourth thing this
is like super important you have to get
your customers first you have to ask
them whether they need what you're doing
go ahead and do something basic like for
example my idea was to build a booking
platform for language courses abroad and
if you go in language rip now you will
see that we have like hundreds of
schools everywhere everything is
automated everything is great but we
started as a really small website I want
to actually give you a link we're called
empty education it's a very basic
platform I think we pay like 400 dollars
to develop it and I did all the content
myself
like everything you see that you see
there was done by me I was taking the
pictures from online resources I was
writing tests translating text yeah in
order to get your first customers you
have to have something basic have some
credibility but really go out there and
test your is here before investing
thousands of dollars in it but the more
customers you get the more and money you
will generate I think this is the way
the business should work it's not like
investing all of the money out there and
waiting for customers it's taking
smaller steps the same thing with a blog
if you want to start blogging for your
company you don't have to buy this gear
you don't have to buy the best camera on
the market you can film everything with
your iPhone and if you look at my very
first video it was from my Russian
channel I just put my iphone on my
window to have better lighting and
recorded everything and that was it and
I've edited everything that movie don't
be afraid to share your knowledge if you
feel that you're solving a problem that
you can help other people go ahead and
share what you can to show people that
you credible to show people that you
have knowledge in a particular sphere by
blogging for free by giving out
information for free and then selling
something exclusive some people will be
like I'm too afraid that other agents or
other you know competitors from your
market it's just going to copy that
I'm not like once we copy I'm going to
create new content because I love what
I'm doing and I'm education myself every
day another thing that I get a lot of
questions about is do you need to have a
co-founder I would say yes so we
actually have two co-founders one is
business one is CTO and I'm like
products every setup has its ups and
downs and you have to have somebody kind
of balance with you out so for example
on the day and I was like oh my god I'm
so tired my Kohana would be like do you
remember we have this problem a month
ago and we we have melded but also if
you feel that you don't have this right
person right now just start on your own
the right people will follow to
everything yourself
I know it's hard maybe find like an
intern or somebody to help you you can
go to awkward calm a lot of freelancers
who can help you with some things and
then if the company takes off and
sure it will you will find the right
person will be a co-founder or who will
have a small stake in your company and
will help you grow the business another
question from you guys is like how the
hell do I organize my time when I was
studying at college and I'm running my
company so here's this trick work 12
hours a day really it's just that one so
I had my cell phone know myself and
started my company cell phone with me at
every lecture and when it rang I had to
run out of the class and answer the
phone and it was spraying for people to
be really quiet so that my clients would
have an impression that I'm actually in
the office now like hello this is
impatient how can I help you
that was so funny but yeah this is how I
roll yes some people doubted our
credibility because we didn't have an
office but at the same time you know I
was working so hard I was getting back
to clients it was hustling so yeah I
just work a lot and again if you're
doing something that you're passionate
about you won't be tired you will study
for a couple of hours and you work a new
project for a couple of hours and you
will mix the things and actually the
change of activity its kind of rest
that's what I think like your day has to
be fully booked but because it's doing
different things it actually gives you
bring some real equation and my last
part would be about studying in a
foreign country I know many people want
to bring their company to the States
like I did I came from Russia and
certainly here in America but I think
it's very important to start on in your
home market first and test the idea and
have some cash flow before coming to a
foreign country because when you're at
home you can crush your parents couch
you can eat their food
you can drive their car once you here
you have to pay for everything so yeah
just start new market first and if you
have more questions about starting in
the States
I will be happy like super happy to
answer them please write them down in
comments below so guys please subscribe
to my channel if you haven't yet and
please write your questions down in the
comments below about certain new company
I would be really happy to share my what
six years experience thank you so much
for watching this up to the end and I'm
looking forward to seeing it in the next
videos bye bye